
SERGIO - The average and the standard deviation of newspapers created per user.
CARLOS - The average and the standard deviation of articles written by writer.
VILLARIN - The average and the standard deviation of articles per newspaper.

select  avg(cast((select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id) as float )), sqrt(sum((select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id)*(select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id))/(select count(n2) from Newspaper n2)-avg(cast((select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id) as float ))*avg(cast((select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id) as float ))) from Newspaper n

SANTOS - The newspapers that have at least 10% more articles than the average.
SERGIO - The newspapers that have at least 10% fewer articles than the average.
CARLOS - The ratio of users who have ever created a newspaper.
VILLARIN - The ratio of users who have ever written an article.

select avg(cast((select count(a) from Article a where a.writer.id=u.id) as float) / cast((select count(u2) from User u2) as float )) from User u)
    
SANTOS - The average number of follow-ups per article.
SERGIO - The average number of follow-ups per article up to one week after the corresponding newspaper’s been published.
CARLOS - The average number of follow-ups per article up to two weeks after the corresponding newspaper’s been published.
VILLARIN - The average and the standard deviation of the number of chirps per user.

select  avg(cast((select count(c) from Chirp c where c.user.id=u.id) as float )), sqrt(sum((select count(c) from Chirp c where c.user.id=u.id)*(select count(c) from Chirp c where c.user.id=u.id))/(select count(u2) from User u2)-avg(cast((select count(c) from Chirp c where c.user.id=u.id) as float ))*avg(cast((select count(c) from Chirp c where c.user.id=u.id) as float ))) from User u

SANTOS - The ratio of users who have posted above 75% the average number of chirps per user.
SERGIO - The ratio of public versus private newspapers.
CARLOS - The average number of articles per private newspapers.
VILLARIN - The average number of articles per public newspapers.

select  avg(cast((select count(a) from Article a where a.newspaper.id=n.id) as float )) from Newspaper n where n.isPrivate=false

SANTOS - The ratio of subscribers per private newspaper versus the total number of customers.
SERGIO - The average ratio of private versus public newspapers per publisher.